en,zh: release note for 1.4.4 (#2261)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/releases/release-1.4.4.md

---
title: TiDB Operator 1.4.4 Release Notes
---

# TiDB Operator 1.4.4 Release Notes

Release date: March 13, 2023

TiDB Operator version: 1.4.4

## New features

> - Support use volume-snapshot backup and restore when cluster has TiFlash ([#4812](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4812), [@fengou1](https://github.com/fengou1))
> 
> - Support show a accurate backup size in volume-snapshot backup by calculate the backup size from snapshot storage usage ([#4819](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4819), [@fengou1](https://github.com/fengou1))
> 
> - Support retry snapshot backup when its job or pod unexpected failure caused by kubernetes ([#4895](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4895), [@WizardXiao](https://github.com/WizardXiao))
> 
> - Support integrated management log backup and snapshot backup in backup schedule ([#4904](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4904), [@WizardXiao](https://github.com/WizardXiao))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support using volume-snapshot backup and restore on a TiDB cluster with TiFlash ([#4812](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4812), [@fengou1](https://github.com/fengou1))

- Show an accurate backup size in the volume-snapshot backup by calculating the backup size from snapshot storage usage ([#4819](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4819), [@fengou1](https://github.com/fengou1))

- Support retries for snapshot backups in case of unexpected failures caused by Kubernetes job or pod issues ([#4895](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4895), [@WizardXiao](https://github.com/WizardXiao))

- Support integrated management of log backup and snapshot backup in the `BackupSchedule` CR ([#4904](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4904), [@WizardXiao](https://github.com/WizardXiao))
```

## Bug fixes

> - Fix the issue that sync failed when using custom build of TiDB with image version which is not in semantic version format ([#4920](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4920), [@sunxiaoguang](https://github.com/sunxiaoguang))
> 
> - Fix the issue that volume-snapshot can not restore when backup a scale-in cluster by ensuring pvc names sequential ([#4888](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4888), [@WangLe1321](https://github.com/WangLe1321))
> 
> - Fix the issue that volume-snapshot may lead to a panic when there is no block change between two snapshot ([#4922](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4922), [@fengou1](https://github.com/fengou1))
> 
> - Fix the issue that volume-snapshot may failed at the end of restore stage by add a new check for encryption during the volume snapshot restore ([#4914](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4914), [@fengou1](https://github.com/fengou1))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that sync fails when using a custom build of TiDB with image version which is not in semantic version format ([#4920](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4920), [@sunxiaoguang](https://github.com/sunxiaoguang))

- Fix the issue that TiDB Operator cannot restore the volume-snapshot backup data for scale-in clusters by ensuring sequential PVC names ([#4888](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4888), [@WangLe1321](https://github.com/WangLe1321))

- Fix the issue that volume-snapshot backup might lead to a panic when there is no block change between two snapshots ([#4922](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4922), [@fengou1](https://github.com/fengou1))

- Fix the potential issue of volume-snapshot failure during the final stage of restore by adding a new check for encryption ([#4914](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4914), [@fengou1](https://github.com/fengou1))
```
